Spooktober! 31 Days of Horror Nosleep Event

August 2019 Winners!

I've been a search and rescue diver for 12 years. We see a lot of strange and disgusting things, but what I saw last week has me questioning both my job and reality [Part 3]
[Part 1](https://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/dlhqu6/ive_been_a_search_and_rescue_diver_for_12_years/)

[Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/dmg9c8/ive_been_a_search_and_rescue_diver_for_12_years/)

Despite all the things that have happened, I’ve decided to stay here. To be honest, I fully intended on leaving as soon as possible after my last post. But that changed when I went to Michael’s funeral. It was a grueling experience. He was only twenty-two years old. His girlfriend cried the entire time, and I couldn’t help but feel guilty when I saw his young friends carrying his casket to its final resting place. His death never should have happened.

I had another nightmare last night. This one was the worst yet. Just like last time, those hands reached up from the darkness and grabbed me, covering my mouth and pinning my arms to the bed. That sickening fishy smell turned my stomach and my eyes began to water as I struggled against them. 

Then two more hands rose up and held my eyes open. I watched in horror as a face protruded from the ceiling above me. It was like the one I had seen at the water, all green and mossy. Tears began to stream down my face as I recognized the features - It was Michael.

“Why did you do this?” He said, cold black fluid dripping from his mouth.

I tried to respond but couldn’t past the hands that were clasped over my face.

“Why why why why...” Michael went on and on, his voice becoming raspier with every query. I laid there for what felt like hours while he stared down at me and asked why I’d done this to him.

I woke up in a cold sweat and could have sworn that disgusting smell still permeated my room.

I’m beginning to think that this is all my fault. I should have heeded the warnings about Badwater. I don’t think I was the first to go there, but I was the first to see the truth of it and come back alive. 

Badwater isn’t just well known amongst the divers. There’s a variety of local legends about that part of the river, and, when I think back, I recall hearing something about hands that dragged people to the water’s depths. Growing up, kids would spread rumors and folk tales about Badwater and the river as a whole. As I got older, I assumed they were just stories that grown ups had made up to keep us away from the dangerous rapids.

I began digging into the history of our town. Legends go back as far as anyone can remember, and even the natives told stories about the river, treating with a certain fear and reverence. I found an eerily familiar description of a Native myth about the river. It was in the library’s archives as part of a local university professor’s thesis regarding metaphorical folklore.

The myth tells the tale of a young man who lived by the river. He had everything he ever wanted: a beautiful wife, a son, bountiful harvests, and a warm place to sleep. However, that all changed when he was overcome by a terrible sickness. That same sickness spread to his wife and child. He recovered, but his family didn’t, and he was left alone.

He still had a warm bed at night and healthy crops, but he fell into a deep depression. Unsure what to do with himself, he would wander the river’s edge for hours, silently hoping that one day he would fall in and be swept away from his troubles. 

One day, while pacing the riverbank, he heard his wife and child crying out for him. Frantic, he searched everywhere for the source of the voices. They began to tell him that they were living happily in the river now. His family urged him to dive in and join them so that he too could live happily. Without a second thought, he jumped in only to drown, cold and alone.

The person who examined that myth believed it to be a warning against desiring things that we’ve lost and getting caught up in the past. I now know this isn’t true. The myth is a true story and warns people against the dangers of those things that live in the river. 

Through further digging, I’ve found that there’s actually a lot of native lore about the river. Many of them are similar to the story I told you about, but there are others that make this whole situation seem a lot more complex. Many of them reference some kind of god or spirit that the natives worshipped. There are a few different translations, but the most common one I’ve seen is “King Moss.” Some stories refer to him as a personification of the river itself, while others describe him as a spirit with whom the people struggled.

However, one common theme is the existence of a sort of pact made between King Moss and the locals. Some stories made it sound like they sacrificed people to him in order to quell his rage, while others described a situation in which he was to be left alone in exchange for not actively hurting humans.

I can’t help but be reminded of the agreement that Moose and the others mentioned. Could they be referring to a pact similar to this one? I don’t know about this whole King Moss myth, but after all that I’ve seen I’m almost willing to believe anything.

After that, I got the idea to plot out all the disappearances and deaths that have occurred in the past few decades. What I found was pretty typical. Most reports were evenly distributed around the most dangerous parts of the river as well as the areas where the most people tended to gather. However, I noticed an unnerving trend. Reports in which there was no body recovered occurred almost exclusively in the areas around Badwater as far back as the reports go. In those areas, a body was only recovered about 15% of the time. This was commonly attributed to the strong current there which supposedly carried them too far to be found. But now I know the truth. The hands got those people and dragged them down to feed. 

However, while doing this I noticed something even more intriguing. I was using a couple different maps to plot out the disappearances when I realized there were inconsistencies between the two. Curious, I looked at a few more maps and saw even more inconsistencies. They were all relatively similar aside from a few changes due to creeks drying up and urbanization.

However, there was one area deep in the forest west of Badwater that didn’t seem to match up on any of the maps. Some of them indicated nothing but forest there, while others showed a small lake. A few of the older maps even depicted a cave system.

I used Google Earth to look at the area, but something strange occurred. The picture was incredibly pixelated. Everything around it was clear, but it became blurry as soon as I toggled over to the area where the maps were inconsistent. It was still somewhat visible, but I had difficulty discerning anything other than tree coverage. 

I’m surprised that I’d never been there before. I’ve spent a lot of time wandering the forest, and I somehow never managed to stumble into that place. I’m going to check it out soon. I think this secret goes deeper than Moose and his crew. There’s more to this, and I’m determined to figure it out. 

Wish me luck, and if I don’t come back…. Well just wish me [luck.](https://reddit.com/r/travisliebert)
My wife is scaring me while she's asleep
So the last few nights have been pretty fucking creepy. It wasn't until thursday night that I really started to fear for my safety. You see, my wife (Jaime) has just recently started sleep waking/talking. The weird part is it doesn't sound like her. Her voice gets hoarse, and wheezy sounding, like she's smoked the past 30 years of her life. I'll start from the first night, it was Wednesday night I think.

It was 11:30pm, I remember because I was struggling to fall asleep, checking the clock every 5 minutes, counting down the hours I had to wake up and how much sleep I would get.

"You'd better stay in bed or else!" Jaime shouted, sending me jumping 2 feet in the air.

I stared at her with saucers for eyes, my heart hammering in my chest from being startled. After a minute or two of silence I couldn't help but to laugh at myself. I must've looked hilarious popping in the air like that.

"Don't you fucking laugh, I'll rip your spinal cord out and shove it down your throat!" Her voice sounding more raspy than before.

"Jesus Jaime, what in the hell are you dreaming about?" I said out loud, hoping she'd wake up.

She smiled this huge grin, bigger than I've ever seen a person smile before. I was officially getting a little creeped out.

"If you don't roll over and shut the fuck up, I'll make you swallow every tooth in your mouth." She said in the same raspy voice.

This was starting to get to be too much for me so I did as my sleeping wife demanded and rolled over, closing my eyes.

"Good boy..." Her voice sent shivers up my spine.

The rest of the night I couldn't fall back asleep. I listened to the occasional creepy laugh come from Jaime followed by heavy snores.

After a restless night I was pretty relieved to see the sun start to shine in through windows. I deemed it safe enough to get out of bed and head downstairs to put on a pot of coffee. Today was gonna be a long, tiring day at work. 

After a few minutes I heard the stairs creak as Jaime must've woke up. Sure enough she rounded the corner a few seconds later, yawning.

"Morning babe." She said sleepily.

"Morning." I replied.

I debated on whether to tell her about last night but in the end decided against it. I was tired and grumpy and honestly, she can talk too much sometimes and I was just too tired to listen to her yammer on.

After we drank our coffee we got ready for work to start our usual day. Work was horrible as I was struggling to stay awake all day. Of course it dragged on too, as I eagerly waited for four o'clock to come so I could go home and relax. After an eternity it was finally time to go home and I had completely forgotten about the previous night.

Jaime was already home as she only works five hours a day and gets out at one pm. She was cooking dinner thankfully, I was starving. After we ate dinner I was eager to get to bed, exhausted I didn't even get dressed in pajamas I just layed in bed and passed out. 

Sometime later in the night I woke up to hot air on my face. I struggled to open my tired eyes and when I finally I did I shrieked like a little girl. Jaime was like three inches from my face, panting heavily and her eyes were opened so wide she looked like a crazy woman.

"Jaime what the fuck?" I shouted as my heart pounded.

She said nothing, just stared.

"Jaime you need to wake up, you're scaring me!" I shouted.

She stopped panting and froze, glaring at me with those wild eyes. The her lips slowly started to part into the biggest fucking smile I had ever seen.

"Jaime knock it off!" I pleaded.

"Jaime knock it off!" She mimicked.

I was shocked when I heard her voice. It no longer sounded like jaime's at all. It was a deep, guttural growl. I stared at her in disbelief, no way I was dealing with just sleep talking here. There was something seriously wrong, like she was possessed.

"It's almost time, deeeeaaaarrr...." She grumbled.

Her laugh after she spone chilled me to the bone. I had never been so afraid in my life. Then after she finished laughing her body went limp and she was snoring heavily. I was left laying awake all night again, too afraid to go back to sleep. When morning finally did come I got up and called in sick.

"Hey babe what's wrong?" I didn't even notice Jaime come in the room.

"I'm not feeling so well today babe, I called in." I said with a yawn.

I hadn't decided to talked to her yet, if I did it would be when she got home this afternoon.

"Here lemme call in too babe, I can take care of you" she said with a warm smile.

"No!" I yelled before I cloud stop myself.

She looked at me with a puzzled look.

"I just wanna sleep babe, plus with me missing work today we could use the money." I lied.

"You sure?" She asked.

I nodded and thanked her for the offer. I planned on sleeping majority of the day but if she were home, I'd be too creeped out. I felt sad knowing I was afraid of my own wife. We'd been best friends and lovers for 13 years. Here I was now terrified of her...

After she left I plopped down on my recliner with some pizza rolls and dozed off as soon as I finished my unhealthy breakfast. I must've been exhausted because I awoke hours later to the sound of Jaime coming in.

"Hey how you feel?" She asked with a sympathetic look in her eyes.

"After getting some sleep I feel much better!" Which was completely true.

I also felt better because while eating my pizza rolls earlier I thought of a plan. I was going to tell Jaime I wasn't tired since I napped all day and was gonna stay down stairs and watch t.v. That way I could sleep without her creepy night time episodes, then talk to her the following day since we both had the day off.

After a while of relaxing and watched movies while eating dinner Jaime asked if I wanted to go to bed. I Told her I was gonna stay up a while and she gave me a kiss, then headed up to bed. My plan worked perfectly.

I sat awake for quite a while watching more t.v.
I must've dozed off because once again I woke up to noises, this time coming from the kitchen. I stayed as still as possible and listened closely. I heard what sounded like metal scraping against eithe each other.

"It's finally time! The big night is here!" Jaime talked to herself with that raspy voice I'd gotten used to hearing at night.

I was honestly terrified of what she was planning on doing so as quietly as possible I rolled off the side of the recliner and tip toed over to the kitchen to spy on what she was doing. My blood ran cold at what I saw. Jaime had a big kitchen knife and was scraping it on the knife sharpener. Her head kept snapping from side to side, making an awful cracking noise.

I turned around and quietly ran back to the living room, looking for a place to hide. I settled on the closet where we hung out coats. It's the kind that has slits in the doors, which would allow me to see if she was heading my away. That way I'd be prepared to defend myself if she attacked.

"Where are you boy?" She called from left, in the kitchen doorway.

My heart started pounding so loud I thought she'd hear it. She stormed through your living room searching for me. She screamed in frustration as she couldn't find me. Then she turned and thankfully headed up stairs. When I heard her get in the bedroom and start throwing things I quietly crept out of the closet and grabbed my phone and car keys. I ran to the door no longer caring if she heard me, I was getting the fuck out of there.

"Nnnooooo!" I heard her scream as I ran in the car. 

I started the car and backed out of the driveway as fast as I could. As I was leaving I looked at the house one last time and somehow she was already at the front door. She had to have been running impossibly fast to make it downstairs that fast. I turned my gaze back to the road and sped away.

After 10 minutes I pulled into a hotel and booked a room for 2 nights. I've been here for a few hours now trying to calm down. I just started getting missed calls and texts from Jaime, wondering where the hell I'm at. Im not ready to talk right now, even though I know I need to confront her about her scary and violent "sleep walking". I'll update after I talk to her figure out what to do next. Any help would be appreciated as what in the hell I'm dealing with here...
My Dad took a job as a lighthouse keeper, the caretaker left a list of rules.
The street lights had become few and far between, every passing burst of light illuminating the interior of our 1997 Toyota Camry driving us onward to our destination.  My father liked to drive in silence,  almost trance-like, his personal meditation only broken by the occasional cigarette.  I occupied the passenger seat and my silence with the company of my cellphone.   The relationship with my father was largely like this the past two months, after losing my mother to breast cancer.  Neither of us able to share our grief with the other, it was left to fester.  Maybe that was one of the reasons dad decided to quit his job at the machine factory and uproot me in the middle of my junior year of high school.  Whatever his reasons for relocating us to Maine and taking on a roll as a lighthouse keeper, I was sure it wouldn't heal our broken family.  

I got my first glimpse of the lighthouse on the horizon from behind the dusty glare of the windshield.  I guessed it was close to 70 feet tall, and just as old, if not older.  The outside was solid stone and mortar, no frills or decoration.  The top came to an equally unimpressive and plain crown shape.  The lighthouse was situated on a jutting peninsula maybe a half mile wide and two miles long,  ending in 50 foot cliff face on the ocean. Our new home. 

I think my dad saw the look of apprehension on my face. 

"Jake,  I know this is a big change from the city, and lord knows we have both been through enough recently. I know how hard this is moving and leaving all your friends behind.  But I think this will be good for us, a chance to start new and make new opportunities" he said as he exhaled a cloud of smoke. 

"No, I understand dad, whatever you think is best" I replied. I didn't want to upset him even though I felt as lonely as the lighthouse looked. 

We returned to our normal silence over the next thirty minutes as we made our way though our new town, "Cape Heights".  My mood continued to sink during our trip through town.   "Cape Heights" offered little in the way of entertainment or shopping.  The town seemed to have barely made it into the 21st century. 

Dad lit another cigarette as we finally pulled into the small gravel patch at the light house that acted as a parking lot.  We parked next to an old Chevy box truck that seemed to be more rust than truck.   As we exited the car we were greeted by the caretaker,a tall graying man leaving the lighthouse. 

"Good morning folks, you must be Paul. "

My dad shook his hand and flicked his cigarette out. 

"Yes sir, I'd like to introduce my son Jake."

"Nice to meet you sir" I said as I shook his hand. 

"Call me Sam" was all he said.

I guessed Sam had to be in early sixties. He was close to six feet tall with shaggy graying brown hair, a thick mustache and eyes like stormy seas.  He was wearing a faded brown jacket and faded blue jeans.  On first impression, he looked like a man raised on the seas. 

Sam invited us into the lighthouse for a tour and to explain the responsibilities of dads new job.  The inside of the lighthouse was surprisingly modern with an open floor plan and three big bay windows that faced the water from the ground floor.  The kitchen was retrofitted with new appliances and granite counter tops and a landline phone. There was a fully stocked pantry as well as food cellar full to bursting.  The dining room had a solid oak table, china cabinet and even a mini chandelier. The living room had a 50 inch TV and a comfortable leather couch to watch it from.  I would even be happy with the bedroom once I hung up some posters.  I began to think maybe living here wouldn't be so bad after all. 

After showing us the basic living quarters Sam took us to the top of the lighthouse.   

"You get used to walking the steps after a while" he commented, "doesn't ever get easier but it gets familiar. I've walked these stairs plenty of times over the last twenty years as caretaker, know each of em by heart. "

As we continued upward Sam told us the history of the lighthouse. 

"I suppose I'll start with the history of 'Cape Heights'.  The land the town is on originally was settled by Native Americans known as the Red Paint People.  Those original people claimed this land was sacred and the waters off the coast as well, claimed there was spirits in the water and other things as well, some old deep magic. They lost this land to the French sometime in the 1600's. The French claimed they fought like devils, all covered in red war paint, fighting with weapons made of bone from other conquered native tribes.  They eventually lost though, bone don't hold up to steel weapons.  The land then went back and forth between the English and French till the English kicked em out for good and made it a colony. The lighthouse was erected just after the Revolutionary  War when more ships started coming from farther up north taking fish and lumber down south.  After a number of trading ships disappeared of the surrounding coast here the new Americans decided to build this lighthouse.   The light has weathered many a storm since then and never has her light extinguish, cept for once. Every caretaker and keeper has been charged with that duty, to always keep the light shining."

Once we reached the top Sam explained the light to dad.  The light now is all electrical, the housing consisting of six huge bulbs that rotated on a giant plate enclosed by lenses on all sides.  Sam explained how it all worked, I grew bored quickly only listening long enough to gather there was a breaker box downstairs in the kitchen where the power switch was, a switch for a foghorn and that the most maintenance required by us would be changing out a bulb every once in a while or flipping a breaker. 

I daydreamed while staring at the ocean until my dad's calls for me to join them interrupted my thoughts.   We all headed back down stairs in the kitchen. 

"Now that I've given ya a proper tour and explained the basics of how the light works you should be good to go.  But I would be remiss to not leave you fellas with two more things" Sam said " I told ya the light has never gone out cept for once.  Even if you see no ships you must keep that light going.   That light is the difference between life and death, and you are the keeper of that light. The protector of life.  That light must never run out, the town depends on it.  If it does, darkness comes and hell with it. "

His last statement filled me with unease and I could tell it made dad uneasy as well. 

"Secondly" Sam continued, "As I've explained the maintenance is easy enough,  you know where replacement bulbs and parts are, as well as the food stocks in the cellar. I've left my number on the fridge as well as a list of rules you must follow.   This list is vital in keepin the lighthouse operatin as it should, and keepin y'all both safe. Do not deviate from this list and follow all instructions to the letter."

With that Sam left us and assured us he would be back in a week to check on us and our supplies.  

" What was all that about darkness and hell coming with it and the town depending on the light?" I asked dad. 

"I don't know" he said as he drew a cigarette from his pack, "but he seemed pretty serious about it,  must have caused a ship wreck when the light went out before, small towns remember things like that,  accidents here affect more people and aren't as easily forgotten like in the city."

"Yeah, I guess so." after Sam's cryptic warnings I was curious to see what rules he left. 

Dad grabbed the paper from the magnet on the fridge and we read together. 

1. YOU MUST KEEP THE LIGHT LIT FROM DUSK UNTIL DAWN AT ALL COSTS. 

2. AT DUSK YOU MUST LOCK ALL DOORS AND WINDOWS.  DO NOT LEAVE THE LIGHTHOUSE UNTIL DAWN. 

3. YOU MAY HERE CRIES FOR HELP COMING FROM THE BOTTOM OF THE CLIFF. IGNORE THEM DO NOT RESPOND. 

4. IF YOU SEE A SHIP WITH 3 RED SAILS ON THE HORIZON AT DUSK SOUND THE FOGHORN 3 TIMES.

5. ALWAYS MAKE YOUR BED WITHIN 5 MINUTES OF WAKING UP IN THE MORNING. 

6. DO NOT MAKE A PHONE CALL OR ANSWER THE PHONE AFTER 8 PM FOR ANY REASON. 

Dad and I stared at each other after we both finished reading the list.  Neither of us sure what to say. 

"This can't be serious" I said, "Most of these rules make no sense, what's gonna happen if I don't make my bed?  What if there is an emergency at night and i can't call 911?"

"There has to be some reason Sam left us these rules, after all he has been caretaker for 20 years.  Let's just do our best to follow them. Ok son? I want us to start fresh out here.  Maybe we can both find some peace here, lord knows we both need it. I love you Jake, can you try for me?"

I smiled gently at my dad and agreed to give it my best effort. I still had my doubts,  and Sam's list of rules on top of his earlier warnings had made me curious.  I had the feeling there was more to this lighthouse then the caretaker let on, and I was determined to get to the bottom of it.  

i reread the list for what felt like the 20th time that night. My head pounded from straining my eyes as well as the soft, but constant buzz from the desk lamp.  I could hear Dad snoring from the next bedroom, exhausted from the drive and preparing the lighthouse for our first night. He assured me that the light was in tip top shape, and would cut through the darkness surrounding us.  I couldn't sleep, something about this list and Sam's warnings nagged at me.  My gut was telling me there was a connection somewhere. I stared at my old digital radio clock and watched the red lines change from 11:23 to 11:24, lost in thoughts about old native ghost stories and magic.  'riiiiing''riiiing' i nearly jumped out my skin as the telephone's ring reverberated through the lighthouse.  I froze, thinking of Sam's list.  I heard something else, barely audible over the deafening phone, footsteps. I was too late, Dad was shuffling, still half-asleep towards the phone, more on autopilot than conscious. 

"H-Hello" i heard him mutter into the receiver, sleep still thick in his voice.

"N-No..I-Its not possi...Susan?"

My heart dropped in my stomach and my stomach jumped to my throat. I couldn't breathe.

My mother, Susan Thompson, was dead. Dead and buried. I saw the light fade from her eyes and the dirt cover her casket.

This wasn't possible. Who was my father speaking too?
